.\" Man Page for mate-volume-control
.TH MATE-VOLUME-CONTROL 1 "20 February 2014" "MATE Desktop Environment"
.\" Please adjust this date when revising the manpage.
.\"
.SH "NAME"
\fBmate-volume-control\fR \- The MATE Volume Control application
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B mate-volume-control [OPTIONS]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The MATE Volume Control application is an audio mixer that enables you to mix audio and adjust volume levels of various audio mixer devices on your system.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-b, \-\-backend=pulse|alsa|oss|null\fR
Launch \fBmate\-volume\-control\fR with the selected sound system backend.
.TP
\fB\-d, \-\-debug\fR
Enable debugging code.
.TP
\fB\-p, \-\-page=effects|hardware|input|output|applications\fR
Launch \fBmate\-volume\-control\fR on the specified page/tab.
.TP
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
Output version information and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-display=DISPLAY\fR
X display to use.
.TP
\fB\-?, \-h, \-\-help\fR
Print standard command line options.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\-all\fR
Print all command line options.
.TP
This program also accepts the standard GTK+ options.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\-gtk\fR
Print GTK+ options.
.SH "BUGS"
.SS Should you encounter any bugs, they may be reported at: 
http://github.com/mate-desktop/mate-media/issues
.SH "AUTHORS"
.SS This Manual Page has been written for the MATE Desktop Environment by:
Adam Erdman <hekel@archlinux.info> (2014)
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SS
MATE Volume Control documentation can be found by clicking the "Help" button, or by pressing the F1 key. 
Further information may also be available at: http://wiki.mate-desktop.org/docs
